Relax node version (#1533)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/introduction/getting-started.md

Reviewer: Grammarly pls :smile:

Author: Ah yes! I did it and the only thing that it said I should fix was add `A` in front of `Version of Node.js must be >= 18.`. Everything else it claims is ok. Did you have something else in mind that you think required fixing, I doubt you wrote this only based on that one `a`?

Reviewer: I know I saw something that indicated that Grammarly didn't check the file, but I don't think it was the "A".

I think it may have been an Oxford comma at line 25 (don't know how it didn't flag that thing, perhaps because of the link).

Author: So I just looked at line 25 but I can't find that oxford comma. What should we do? Do we close this comment or do you give me more info on what to fix?

Reviewer: If you ran it through Grammarly, you can resolve as far as I'm concerned.

------

## More details

### Requirements

> You must have a sufficiently up-to-date version of Node.js (and NPM) installed on your machine and available in `PATH`.

Reviewer 2: This sounds as complex language, let's keep it simple e.g.
```suggestion
Your Node.js version should be at least 20 and available in `PATH`. This means we are okay with you using newer version than Node 20, but not older version like Node 18.
```

Author: I didn't want to mention a specific version of Node, so we don't have to maintain this part of the docs and it doesn't go stale. I wrote something on my own and then had ChatGPT touch it up a bit :D, I thought it is pretty readable / not overly complex!

Author: I made it very simple:
```
You must have Node.js (and NPM) installed on your machine and available in `PATH`.
Version of Node.js must be >= 18.
```
